1.How do you plan on exhibiting professionalism at Techtonica? What would be different in a full-time engineering job setting? To exhibit professionalism I plan to attend all zoom sessions on time and alert my SEAM if I will be late,absent, or need to leave early on slack. I plan to ask questions that are fully developed and clear when asking for clarification. I plan to collaborate with my peers reguarly and make sure everyone feels included and that their voice is heard. I plan to work on my unconcious biases and continue to cultivate a growth mindset. Honestly, I plan to pretty much conduct myself similarily at a job setting but being aware that my relationship with my peers may differ from my relationship with my colleagues.
2.What would you do if you just found out you are going to be an hour late tomorrow morning? If I just found out that I will be late tomorrow morning, I would immediately SLACK my SEAM in their dms to let them know. If I don't hear a response I would also send an email and ask my peers later for any work that I missed.
3.What would you do if you realized that you only had time to finish most of your work by the due date of a group project? I would apologize and communicate with my group members that I will need help with some of my work in order to reach the due date. I can offer to help out more for future projects and to work on my time management skills.
4. Knowing yourself, what are the most effective ways for you to learn and retain new information? For my constant interaction/practice/exposure is what helps me to retian information. Also verbally discusinng ideas/concept with a peer helps me to understand and relate information better.
5.What is growth mindset? A growth mindset is the ideology and belief that intelligence and knowledge is possible with effort and work. Our human intelligence has the possiblity to grow as long as we put in the effort to nurture that growth. It is in contrast to a fixed mindset which is the theory that intelligence is fixed and can not be developed.
6.Which operating system are you using right now? Name two other popular operating systems. I am currently using the mac OS developed by Apple. Unix and Windows are two other popular systems.
7.Why do computers need operating systems?Computer have OS as it acts as the middle layer between the hardware of the computer and the software installed on it. It connects application to hardware. It also schedules tasks, execute applications,memory management, and more
8.Explain what you would do if you felt stuck on a coding problem.If I got stuck on a coding problem, I would attempt it for 10-15 mins on my own and then take a short break away from the computer. When I get back I will use online resources and type in keywords to figure out my issue, including typing in the error message and looking on google or stackoverflow. Finally If I am still stuck I will ask for help from my peers through the slack channel and through slack dms with my mentor.
9.Describe the ways you plan on meeting and staying connected with new people in tech this month. My peer in my cohort-Adi pasted a few hackathons for this month. I plan to attend next weekend's hack-a-thon and connect with people in my workshops or any other social events within the hack. I will ask about their coding career/ interests and ask to connect on Linkedin and Twitter.
10.Describe some examples of effective body language and what is communicated when they are used well. Some examples of effective body language is good posture as it shows that you are attentive and listening. I feel it also shows that you are itnerested. Another example is to take some time to stand away from large groups during events so that you can be more apporachable for strangers to walk up to talk to you. And finally an example of wrapping up a conversation is sticking out your hand for a handshake and thanking them for their time after you have gotten their contact information.
11.Describe some examples of effective word choice and what is communicated when they are used well. Some examples given to us in the lesson as a polite way to exit a confersation include "lets mingle some more" and " I see someone I need to talk to". These both provide a smooth exit/transition for you to leave the conversation politely to network with more people. This isn't rude because at a networking event your goal is it to network. Overall I think this shows you enjoyed the conversation but you are staying focused on your goal to expand your network andit may encourage the other person to also keep networking
12.How can you build trust in a team? I think the most important way to build trust in a team and in relationship in general is with communication. If there are new members in a team it can be important for everyone to give intros and also discuss their perferred communication sytles.In addition discussing what aspect of the project each team member works on can give insight to other team members on who to go to for help on specific topics.
13.How are the devices on the internet physically connected to each other? Using a fiber optic cable, bits can be sent as lights beams which can travel at the speed of light. Fiber optic cables are used across ocean floors to connect the internet to different parts of the world. To send information wireless bits are sent through radio waves and or wireless router to where it is then connected to a physical wire to travel through longer distances. All and all the reaches of the internet depends on this physical wire infrastructure.
14.How is information physically transmitted from device to device? Information is transmitted from device to device through the internet where information is shipped as binary information made of bits (i.e 1s and 0s).We physically send bits through eletricity,lights and radio wave.
15.How does one device find another it’s trying to communicate with? Devices use internet protocols(ip) to communicate between each other. All devices on the internet have unique addresses called IP addresses which are just a set of numbers.Our computers use the domain name system (DNS) to connect names that we see/use to ip addresses.
16.What methods do devices on the internet use to communicate? Information is transferred from devices on the internet by packets of information.Bits are transported inside these IP packets. Packets can travel from one device to another through different routes which are dependent on many variables including traffic congestion on particular routes. 
17.How can we send data reliably even if the network is unreliable? Data is broken down into IP packets which then are sent through the internet through different "routes". Routers exist to rememeber different routes and to make sure traffic is moving smoothly. If one path breaksdown it won't stop the data fromt transferring since there are so many otheravailable pathways.This allows for the internet to be reliable. Transmission Control Protocol(TCP) also exisits to manages the sending and recieving of all data packets.TCPS checks for all the data packets to be recieved before "signing off". If packets are missing it won't "sign off" and it will request for missing data packets.Overall the more routers we add to the internet system the more reliable the internet can be due to redundancy.
